[Doc] fix 15751 Chinese to English (#16046)
pingcap/docs: non-transactional-dml.md

## Common issues

> ### After execute multiple table joins statement, encounter an `Unknown column xxx in 'where clause'` error

Author: Done. Thanks

> When concatenate query statements, if the conditions in the 'WHERE' clause involve tables other than the table where [partition column] (# parameter description) is located, it will show the error. For example, in the following SQL statement, the partition column is labeled as `t2. id` and the table where the partition column is located is labeled as `t2`, but the conditions in the `WHERE` clause involve `t2` and `t3`.

Author: Thanks,

```sql
BATCH ON test.t2.id LIMIT 1 INSERT INTO t SELECT t2.id, t2.v, t3. FROM t2, t3 WHERE t2.id = t3.id
```

```sql
(1054, "Unknown column 't3.id' in 'where clause'")
```

If the error occurs you can print query to confirm by using `DRY RUN QUERY`. For example:

```sql
BATCH ON test.t2.id LIMIT 1 DRY RUN QUERY INSERT INTO t SELECT t2.id, t2.v, t3. FROM t2, t3 WHERE t2.id = t3.id
```

Try to avoid the error, you can move the conditions related to other tables in the `WHERE` clause to the `ON` conditions in the `JOIN` clause. For example:

```sql

> BATCH ON test.t2.id LIMIT 1 INSERT INTO t SELECT t2.id, t2.v, t3. FROM t2 JOIN t3 ON t2.id=t3.id

Reviewer: We could reformat these single line statements into multi line statements, which would look better on some smaller devices etc.

```suggestion
BATCH ON test.t2.id LIMIT 1
INSERT INTO t
SELECT t2.id, t2.v, t3. FROM t2 JOIN t3 ON t2.id=t3.id
```

Author: Done. Thanks

```

> ```sql

Author: Done. Thanks

## Common issues

> ### Executing multiple table joins statement results in the `Unknown column xxx in 'where clause'` error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Executing a multiple table joins statement results in the `Unknown column xxx in 'where clause'` error
```

> This error occurs when a query is concatenated in the `WHERE` clause involves tables other than the table in which the [shard column](#parameter-description) is defined. For example: in the following SQL statements, shard column is `t2.id` and it's defined in table `t2`, but `WHERE` clause involves table `t2` and `t3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This error occurs when the `WHERE` clause concatenated in a query involves tables other than the table in which the [shard column](#parameter-description) is defined. For example, in the following SQL statement, the shard column is `t2.id` and it is defined in table `t2`, but the `WHERE` clause involves table `t2` and `t3`.
```

Author: Done

```sql
BATCH ON test.t2.id LIMIT 1 
INSERT INTO t 
SELECT t2.id, t2.v, t3. FROM t2, t3 WHERE t2.id = t3.id
```

```sql
(1054, "Unknown column 't3.id' in 'where clause'")
```

> If the error occurs you can print query to confirm by using `DRY RUN QUERY`. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the error occurs, you can print the query statement for confirmation by using `DRY RUN QUERY`. For example:
```

Author: Done

```sql
BATCH ON test.t2.id LIMIT 1 
DRY RUN QUERY INSERT INTO t 
SELECT t2.id, t2.v, t3. FROM t2, t3 WHERE t2.id = t3.id
```

> Try to avoid the error, you can move the conditions related to other tables in the `WHERE` clause to the `ON` conditions in the `JOIN` clause. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid the error, you can move the condition related to other tables in the `WHERE` clause to the `ON` condition in the `JOIN` clause. For example:
```

Author: Done
